As head of the Apollo Familia,
I challenge you to a War Game!
(CROWD cheers)
[MAN A] Finally! A War Game!
[MAN B] Apollo doesn't
mess around, does he?!
[WOMAN A] I can't
wait to see who wins!
And if we win this clash..
[APOLLO] Then Bell Cranel
will belong to us!
[HESTIA] HUH!?
Do those terms sound
agreeable, Hestia?
I'm going to take your sweet
child all for myself!
Grrr... That was your goal all
along, wasn't it you creep?!
What an awful implication.
Please, dear Hestia.. I thought
you knew me better than that,
given our carnal past.
That's a friggin' lie and
you know it!
I've shot down every pathetic
advance you ever made.
Y'know, I am done entertaining
this nonsense.
[HESTIA] I don't have to
agree to a War Game!
[APOLLO] Oh...?
I think you may
regret that.
I really doubt it!
Now, let's go, Bell!
[BELL] Huh? Uh, sure.
(HYACINTH smirks)
[OPENING SONG, "HELLO to DREAM"]
(BELL sigh)
So is a War Game..
basically a battle between
two opposing Familias?
Yeah, and once the rules
have been decided, it turns
into an all‐out war.
The winner gets to take
literally anything from
the loser.
Members, goods, money...
pretty much whatever they want.
[HESTIA] Damn him! He such a
bully! He knows full well that
you're the only family I have!
(BELL sighs)
Anyway, I'm going to the Dungeon
with Welf and Lili today..
I'll head straight on
home afterwards.
[HESTIA] Okay, then I'll take
off early from work. Let's have
a nice, relaxing night.
(gasp)
(BELL gasps)
(HESTIA startled)
(CROWD gawking)
[ANYA] What's with the racket
so early in the meowrning?
(gasp) That's..
[ANYA] Huh?
Smells like
gunpowder out here.
(concerned) A feud
between... Familias.
Seems like it, huh?
Wouldn't surprise me...
if Mr. White Hair is involved
somehow. (muffled protests)
[CHLOE] (irritated) Anya,
shut your meowth! That is
just a rude thing to say.
(SYR concerned)
[BELL] A‐are you
alright.. Goddess?!
[HESTIA] Uh‐yeah!
[HESTIA] That
smarmy bastard...
He's totally trying
to force our hand!
Wait a sec..
is he...?
We're being ambushed by
the Apollo Familia.
Stop it you jerks!
How dare you destroy our
sweet little love nest...!
[BELL] Huh?
[HESTIA] Here they come, Bell!
Tsk!
They were able to take
cover in the smoke.
I can't believe they
would attack us in the
middle of the city!
[HESTIA] Whoa!
(BELL panting)
(HESTIA scared)
(tense) Bell..! We should head
straight towards the Guild!
They can't lay a
finger on us there!
[BELL] Right!
[HESTIA] Wha‐?! A dead end?!
Hold on real
tight.. okay?!
[HESTIA] Huh?
(HESTIA loud scream)
[DAPHNE] You ought to quit
while you're ahead.
[BELL] Huh?
[DAPHNE] Remember these words...
When Master Apollo takes a
liking to someone,
he'll stop at nothing to get
his hands on them. That's how
Cassandra and I ended up here.
[DAPHNE] City after city,
country after country... He'll
follow you everywhere you go,
until you give up.
My little Be‐ll...!
(delighted laugh) (kissy face)
(HESTIA creeped out)
(BELL nervous)
Just surrender.
I wouldn't want to injury you,
if you're going to join
our Familia anyway.
[BELL] I will not.
[DAPHNE] Yeah, I
figured as much.
Fine.. so be it!
Fire Bolt!
[DAPHNE] He's fast,
I'll give him that.
But he's not going to
get away. This is such
a waste of our time.
Hey, Daphne...
I really don't think
provoking
that boy is that
great of an idea.
Why's that? You have another
one of your bad dreams?
[CASSANDRA] Mmhm.
I saw a wounded rabbit running..
then it jumped over the moon,
only to swallow up the sun...
If things, keep going the way
they are, I'm afraid something
terrible will happen...
Yeah, yeah... Enough dream
journal crap. Let's move or
we'll lose him.
Aww! You should take
me more seriously about
these things.
(adventurer chatter)
He's sure taking his time.
Yeah.. It's unusual for
Master Bell to be this late.
So it's not just me who's
getting a bad feeling.
[ADVENTURER] Hey, did you hear?!
[ADVENTURER] The Apollo
Familia just started
throwing down in the
middle of the city!
Sounds like, they're
after Hestia's Familia.
Apparently they're all ganging
up on that Little Rookie guy!
(WELF concerned)
(LILI gasp)
What was that?
they're attacking him?
Yes! It seems like the
whole Apollo Familia is out
there trying to hunt down
Mr. Argonaut.
[TIONA] It's causing
a huge mess!
(AIS soft concerned)
[FINN] Don't go getting
any ideas, Ais.
This isn't the same situation as
what happened on the 18th Floor.
We don't want to look like
we're siding with any
Familia. You understand?
Hmm, I do.
(HESTIA panting)
Sorry I'm so slow.
I know I'm weighing
you down, Bell.
[BELL] It's not your
fault, Goddess!
Huh?
(heavy pursuit)
[HESTIA, internal]
That emblem...!
[HESTIA] Bell? Wah!
[SOMA FAM A] C'mon!
(fighting)
That Hyacinth guy...
(HYACINTH smirk)
(fighting)
[HESTIA] (gasp) Careful!
(gasp)
I must commend you on your
efforts of getting this far,
Young Bell Cranel.
Now rejoice, for I will be your
next opponent, Little Rookie.
(HESTIA concern)
(evil giggle)
Fight Bell.. Fight Bell.
[HESTIA] Bell!
[EINA] We have to stop
them immediately!
Send the Apollo Familia
an official warning!
"Acts of warfare within the
city limits are prohibited!"
It makes no difference.
I'm certain that they've already
considered the penalties of
their actions.
[EINA] Come on! They're
trying to wipe out the Hestia
Familia, even as we speak!
I'm afraid our hands are tied...
At the end of the day, there's
only so much we can do.
But Bell..
(BELL heavy breathing/pained)
Although I absolutely despise
you for stealing away Master
Apollo's love and affection.
I must obey his noble command.
I shall be the one to recruit
you into our Familia.
Too slow.
Do you always make
such a racket?!
No! Get up, Bell!
(BELL shudder in pain)
(BELL convulse, pain)
Still conscious,
are we bunny?
What a disgusting pitiful face.
I'll never understand
what Master Apollo sees in
a vile insect like you.
(BELL pained)
I have devoted my entire
body and soul to him.
[HYACINTH] I should be the
only one to receive his grace.
Since we're going to
patch you up later..
I don't see the harm in taking
off an arm or one of your legs.
(HESTIA gasps)
(BELL groans)
No. Please.
(HYACINTH notice)
This is exactly why I hate
high‐class adventurers...
[NAAZA] Bell.. run.
Great. A sniper.
(HESTIA struggling)
[HYACINTH] No matter.
He won't get very far.
[HESTIA] (out of breath) Bell,
are you alright? Stay with me!
[BELL] I'm really..
sorry.. My Goddess.
[BELL] (pain) If this keeps up..
[OUKA] Looks like you guys are
having some fun down there.
[LISSOS] Hmm?
[OUKA] Hope you don't
mind us joining in.
(BELL pain / surprised)
[LISSOS] Fools. You dare defy
the will of the Apollo Familia?
[MIKOTO] We'd be cowards
to abandon our friends in
their time of need!
[OUKA] Attack!
(fighting)
[LILI] Master Bell!
(BELL & HESTIA gasp)
[WELF] You alright, Bell?!
[BELL] Lili.. Welf..
[HESTIA] Miach?! What
are YOU doing here?!
I heard all the commotion.
So I ran to Takemikazuchi's
place to get you some backup.
I'm glad we made it in time.
Oh, Miach...
You have my gratitude.
I can't thank you enough.
Master Bell!
[LILI] Let's get out of here.
Huh?
They've got
this under control.
[ADVENTURER] I found 'em!
It's the Little Rookie guy!
(rowdy mob)
(BELL gasps)
There's no time to
waste. Now, go!
[MIKOTO] Master Bell!
Everyone!
Thank you!
[HESTIA] Bell.. we somehow
got turned around in all
of the chaos back there.
[HESTIA] We have to
head north! (running)
[BELL] (panting) O‐okay!
(WELF gasp)
(intimidating energy)
[WELF] Leave these scrubs to us!
[LILI] You need to get
to the Guild immediately!
We'll be right behind you
once we're finished here!
[BELL] But Lili...
[WELF] Go! We got this!
[HESTIA] Thanks!
We're counting on you!
[WELF] Lil Bit.. Cover me!
[LILI] Yeah, sure thing. But..
are you sure you can
handle these chumps
without Master Bell here?
[WELF] Yeeup! Piece
of pie, small fry.
Not too shabby,
doncha think?
(LILI gasp)
What tha, you gotta
pay attention!
[LILI] Same to you! (jumps)
[LILI] Don't get distracted
by worrying about me!
(frustrated)
(MAN A & B pain)
[ZANIS] I finally
found you.. Arde.
(LILI gasp) (terrified)
[LILI] M‐Master Zanis...
I'm glad to see you're
in good health.
I'd heard through the
grapevine you were deceased.
(LILI terrified)
Little Bit! What's the hold
up?! Where's my cover?!
[WELF] Lil Bit?! (block)
[LILI] Master Welf, I'm going
home to the Soma Familia.
[LILI] Please let Master Bell
know that I won't be causing
trouble for him any longer.
What in the hell?!
[WELF] Hey, Lil Bit!
Where are you going?! Hey!
Damn.. what's going on?!
[WELF] That emblem...
[GRUNT D] Where'd
he go?! Find him!
[GRUNT A] Right!
Are you doing okay?
Can you stand?
Yeah.. I'm pretty sure.
(HESTIA smile)
(BELL confused)
We've still
got a ways to go...
Can you push
yourself a bit more?
(BELL worried)
(HESTIA sympathetic)
[HYACINTH] Oh, Bell
Cranel..! Listen up!
(BELL & HESTIA surprised)
[HYACINTH] No matter where
you try to hide, we're going
to track you down!
[HYACINTH] You're only
delaying the inevitable outcome!
Whether it's here or
deep down in the Dungeon!
We'll find you. Your
days of peace and quiet
has come to an end!
I can't hide.
(HESTIA pained)
Hey Bell. Listen.
[HESTIA] From the way things are
headed, we won't have a future.
[HESTIA] We've got two options:
Either we fight a losing battle
we can't possibly win...
[HESTIA] ...or we leave Orario.
I'm honestly fine with
going anywhere.. all that
matters is being with you.
I'll gladly run away with you
until they finally decide to
give up and leave you alone.
You'd run away...
with me?
(HESTIA smile)
[HESTIA] Bell.. I wanna
know if you love me.
[BELL] Huh?
This is really important.
If you can tell me that
you love me then I will
do whatever it takes.
[HESTIA] If you say it and you
mean it.. I will do anything!
Even if I have to fight!
(BELL surprised)
I love you more than
you'll ever realize.
You've no clue how
dear you are to me.
[HESTIA] And I never want to
leave your side. .. I don't want
to give you up.
Goddess.. Hestia.
[HESTIA] Bell.. I just
need to know how you feel
about me though.
(BELL loss of words) (ponder)
(BELL nervous)
I hold you in high regard!
You know that's
not what I mean!
(HESTIA pout)
[APOLLO GRUNT E]
There he is! Down there!
Wha‐?!
(gasp) Let's move
it... Goddess!
They've got some nerve!
We were about to have a moment!
[HESTIA] I've had
it! Officially!
[HESTIA] Bell, go southwest!
Forget the Guild! Go that way!
[BELL] Wh‐what?! But
wait, isn't that...?
The Apollo Familia's
...base of operations?
[HESTIA] I know Apollo's
in there! Open the gates
right this instant!
Hey, Hestia. To what do I owe
the pleasure of such an
unforeseen visitation?
(HESTIA unamused)
Hey Prum.. Let me
borrow your glove.
(LUAN startled)
[LUAN] Uh..?
[LUAN] Sure.. h‐here..
(HESTIA throw)
(APOLLO speechless)
(BELL shock)
(LUAN disbelief)
Bring it on, punk! If you
want this stupid War Game
so bad, then let's do it!
(APOLLO orgasmic quick giggle)
It appears both parties
are in agreement.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the War Game is on!
Oh, hell yeah!
We gotta put in a War Game
request with the Guild!
Call an emergency Denatus
to order at once!
It's finally
happening!
Yes, it has been
way too long!
[APOLLO] To ensure fairness, our
brethren shall bear witness to
the rules set forth.
I'll be in touch with
the details before long.
[WELF] (panting) Bell!
Lady Hestia! (running)
[BELL] Huh? Welf!
Are you alright?!
[WELF] (catching breath) Yeah..
But... some bad news..
I.. I'm Sorry; The Soma
Familia took Lili.
[BELL] They what?!
(HESTIA gasp)
(BELL anger) (run)
Hold it!
(BELL startled)
I think.. it would best for you
to focus on your job, Bell.
We'll handle saving your
supporter.
Wait what?.. Focus on my...?
(BELL realization)
[HESTIA] I'll figure out a way
to buy you some time before the
War Game starts.
[HESTIA] In the meantime,
you have to get as strong
as you can.
[HESTIA] That's our one and only
chance at winning this thing.
[HESTIA] Get stronger.. Bell.
Stronger than everyone
and everything. that's
what it'll take.
[HESTIA] I know you can do it.
No! Bell.. you're the only one
who can do it!
(BELL gasp) (determined)
[BELL] Right. I'm on it!
[BELL] You don't understand!
Please! I'm begging you!
[BELL] There's something I have
to ask her! Please let me see
Miss Ais Wallenstein!
Are you outta
your damn mind?!
We already know
why you're here!
You want to ask her
if she'll fight with
you in the War Game.
Just how shameless
can you be?
That's not it at all! I promise!
[TIONE] What's with
all the yelling?
[BELL] Miss Tione!
(TIONE annoyed)
(BELL strangled)
You better get the hell
out of my sight.
There's absolutely no excuse
for such disgraceful behavior.
[BELL] Huh?
[TIONE] Hmph!
(BELL gasp)
Yoo‐hoo...,
Mr. Argonaut!
[BELL] Miss Ais, Miss Tiona!
You got lucky. Miss Ais
spotted you when you
were on your way here.
That's when she had the
great idea to have Tione
pretend to throw you out.
We couldn't exactly just
walk out the front door
with you, ya know?
Oh, I see...
I heard about the War
Game... I'm sorry.
I have a duty to my Familia...
but I don't feel right leaving
you on your own.
(BELL sigh of relief)
(determined)
[BELL] I wanna win the War Game.
[BELL] Please! Can you train me?
[AIS] Mm‐hm.
Well, that settles it then!
And with my assistance...
you're totally gonna whoop
their pompous asses!
Right, Mr. Argonaut!
Thank you both so much!
Together... we can do this.
(internal) I have to get
stronger, for everyone's sake...
(internal) Strong enough
to beat him...!
[CLOSING SONG,
"Sasayaka na Shukusai"]
[HESTIA] Next time:
"Conversion."